1. What are the major differences between the SOW and bid-to-result auctions? 

- SCOPE OF WORK - very specific on the job to be done (cost is more havily waited in the scoring)
- BID-TO-RESULT - we layout the ways but we ant xyz done ( technical report is scoring)
-------- 

	1.1 Also, are the formats chosen by USTIF or by the UST Owners? Furthermore, why would one owner pick a format over another, and from USTIF's perspective, is there a better format?

2. What happens during the "Administrative Evaluation" of the bids?

Are you following the rules. You can fix your work. This doesn't happen often. Costs cant be changed. 
Late 

3. The bulletin mentions USTIF can toss bids in this process. Is this common? Are the reasons common?

4. I am struggling a bit to understand how the bids are scored using the cost-score formula. Does your team have a simple example they can show me/walk me through? 

USTIF won't bid out work that goes past payout limit.
Cost scorein -- bid with the lowest cost gets the max point. Max cost (point 

5. What are "Cost Points"?- This is mentioned in the document, but I couldn't find any documentation on how the points are created.

6. How does USTIF classify an auction as "Competitive"? Does your team have a clear goal/threshold, or is it something loose?

---- 


7. Have the auctions gone through some changes since 2009? i.e, administrative changes, scoring rules differ? Anything substantial to the history of the auctions?

2003 bidding process for sure---- 

Pre-2009--- way more manual. You had to signup for the list and respond to receive the requests.

8. Is it costly for bidders to submit a bid? i.e, from your perspective, bids are a serious offer that a firm doesn't submit on a whim.

9. Do most LUST sites use the auctions? From USTIF's perspective, do claims that use auctions have better outcomes? Faster, cheaper?

10. How involved are the UST owners? Do they say they want to use an auction and then pick the winning bid?

11. Are the sites up for auctions mostly full facility closures, or are they a mix of sites?



12. Finally, the bulletin mentions that all bids over some point threshold are presented to the owner for them to pick the winner. Are many bids over the threshold common? From USTIF's perspective, when many bids are possible for the owner to pick, is there a "best" choice? i.e, if USTIF could pick you, would you choose someone different?


USTIF - decides the sites that go up for bid. 

Exisitng claims are the things that become auctions. Stuff not getting done and sometimes the cost estimates that come.
USTIF making all the design decisions. 

Techincal scoreing into cost scoring.
Then everygint that is above 70% of the max cost score is a viable bid

